DOCS-956: Add Flutter code to drive rover in square tutorial (#2521)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/get-started/try-viam-sdk.md

If you open the developer console, you should see some output including the names of your rover's resources.
These are the components and services that the robot is configured with in the Viam app.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Flutter" %}}

> Flutter code must be launched from inside a running Flutter application, so to get started programming your rover with Flutter you should follow the instructions to [Build a Flutter App that Integrates with Viam](/tutorials/control/flutter-app/).

Author: Understood, thanks!

                itemBuilder: (_, index) {
                  final resourceName = _sortedResourceNames[index];
                  return ListTile(
                    title: Text(resourceName.name),
                    subtitle: Text(
                        '${resourceName.namespace}:${resourceName.type}:${resourceName.subtype}'),
                    onTap: () => _navigate(resourceName),
                    trailing: _isNavigable(resourceName) ? Icon(Icons.chevron_right) : SizedBox.shrink(),
                  );
                }));
  }
}
```

This imports the <file>base_screen.dart</file> file into the program and adds logic to check if a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="resource" text="resource" >}} is "navigable", or, has a screen made for it.
Base is the only resource that is navigable.

To navigate to the base screen, save your code and launch your simulator.
Navigate to the robot screen of a (live) machine with a base resource configured, and see the resources displayed like the following:

{{<imgproc src="/tutorials/try-viam-sdk/resource-menu.png" resize="300x" declaredimensions=true alt="Machine resources listed in an example Flutter app">}}

> Then, click on the base to display <file>base_screen.dart</file>:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, click on the base to display the base screen.
You may need to scroll to the bottom of the list of resources.
```
[opt] I think it'd make more sense not to say it'll display the file but rather the screen the file creates
